## 王磊 Wang Lei

 - Phone: (+86)132-3713-2292
 - Email: Wang_Lei@bupt.edu.cn

---

#### Education

**Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications**:**Undergraduate**	 (2020.9--2024.7)

* Major: Data Science and Big Data Technology/ School of Computer Science：**Ranking** 13/ 61
  * Related courses：Computing and Programming Practicum (90), Object-Oriented Programming Design and Practice (java) (95), Course Project  -- Data Structures (91), Introduction to Data Science (90)

#### Professional Experience

**2021.12 - -  2022.4 "Chu Yan"(college student entrepreneurship and innovation project)  “ZhangXu”** 

A web application that offers psychological support services to individuals seeking help for psychological issues.

- **Backend Developer**

* After conducting extensive market research and demand analysis, I collaborated with team members to complete the project proposal for "Zhangxu".
* Responsible for backend development using the Django framework.
* Achieved a score of 92 to successfully complete the project.

**2022.5 - - 2022.9 BUPT GAMMA LAB data mining lab**  GGL developer internship

GammaGL is a multi-backend graph learning library based on TensorLayerX.

* **GGL developer internship**
* Contributed to the development of the Graph Neural Network toolkit GAMMA GL.
* Conducted in-depth research on cutting-edge papers and delivered presentations during group meetings to explain the findings.
* Reproduced models by referring to the code provided by the authors and integrated them into our framework.
* Completed the adaptation work for backend frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, PaddlePaddle, and MindSpore.

#### Additional Inomation

**Progarmming Language**：Python，Java，C++，SQL

**English level**：CET-4 (596), CET-6 (492), TOFEL (86)
