## Task2

 

With the rapid development of technology, more and more people choose to use smartphones and computers to communicate. Because of that, some are concerned about that people are losing the ability of communicating with each others face to face. In fact, what they are worry about is what is really happening.

 To begin with, It is obvious that advanced communication technology reduces the chances of interpersonal communication in daily life. Technology provides people much convenience and efficiency to send messages to each other. For example, when someone wants to chat with friends, he/she can use social media to text them, sending pictures or even a piece of voice; when someone wants to hold a meeting, it is easy to realize online by meeting software; when someone wants to ask a question to a teacher, it is much faster to send an email to him/her than coming to teacher’s office and sometimes it is even easier to search it on search engine such as Google. Consequently, it removes the willingness of people to communicate face to face. 

However, I am not saying that face-to-face communication is useless nowadays. Hi-tech-based communication is convenient and efficient but it also decreased the dimension of communication. Emotions and atmosphere when people hold a conversation cannot be easily expressed by online chatting or video call, because of which it may even results in misunderstandings.

In conclusion, Talking to screens instead of people is certain to reduce the opportunities and willingness to communicate face to face.